#19: Improved logging to help troubleshoot issue where ide-versions was not reading from the file. (#20)
ChrisCarini/intellij-platform-plugin-verifier-action: README.md

**Workflow File:**
```yaml

> - uses: actions/checkout@v2 #must checkout the repo for the action to have access to the configuration file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- uses: actions/checkout@v2 # Your repository must be checked out in order to access the `ide_versions_file.txt` configuration file.

```

Author: done
